docs: Added WooCommerce connector (#13)
gavindsouza/awesome-frappe: README.md

- [Mautic Integration](https://github.com/dokos-io/mautic) - Mautic Integration for ERPNext.
- [Paystack Integration](https://github.com/mymi14s/frappe_paystack) - Paystack Payment Gateway Integration for Frappe.
- [RClone Integration](https://github.com/Muzzy73/rclone_integration) - Frappe integration with Rclone.

> - [WooCommerceConnector](https://github.com/Muzzy73/rclone_integration) - Integration App for ERPNext to connect to WooCommerce.

Reviewer: Is this URL correct? Or is this supposed to be

```suggestion
- [WooCommerceConnector](https://github.com/libracore/WooCommerceConnector) - Integration App for ERPNext to connect to WooCommerce.
```
